{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Website directions for Syntopia.ai\par
Full brand identity guide including logo usage, color palette, and typography\par
It can look like {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://akool.com/ }}{\fldrslt{https://akool.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  perhaps {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://sintra.ai/x }}{\fldrslt{https://sintra.ai/x\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  and also inspiration from\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://clone.iiii.com/ }}{\fldrslt{https://clone.iiii.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Other examples are BocaLive, FaceUnity, Silicon Inteligence, etc\par
1. Use a modern, SEO-friendly Content Management System (CMS) like WordPress with a\par
page builder (e.g., Elementor). This approach allows for easier content updates and\par
built-in SEO capabilities.\par
2. Prioritize SEO from the beginning rather than treating it as a separate step. Your web\par
designer/developer should implement SEO best practices during the build.\par
Website Structure:\par
Home Page (showcasint all our services - featuring the interactive livestreaming AI avatar)\par
[Hero Section] Headline: Welcome to the Future of Digital Interaction\par
Company\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  About About SYNTOPIA\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Blog / Insights Blog ideas\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  News\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Careers (with the application forms like LBS)\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  AI Ethics AI Ethics at SYNTOPIA\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Partners & Affiliates Partners & Affiliates\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Affiliate login\par
Platform & Technology\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Our AI Technology Our AI Technology Interactive Live+Interactive Avatar\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Interactive Avatars Explained Interactive Avatars Explained Interactive\par
Live+Interactive Avatar\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Customization Capabilities Customization Capabilities\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Integration Options Integration Options\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  All features (menu) like Synthesia Features\par
Services\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Interactive Livestreaming Interactive Live\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Live Commerce Live Commerce (submenus like that could be like\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.tencentcloud.com/products/ivh }}{\fldrslt{https://www.tencentcloud.com/products/ivh\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  in the main menu)\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Personal IP Personal IP {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://clone.iiii.com/outstanding-case/index }}{\fldrslt{https://clone.iiii.com/outstanding-case/index\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Custom AI Avatars Interactive Live+Interactive Avatar.\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  For Influencers For Influencers\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  For Businesses (Brand Ambassadors) For Businesses (Brand Ambassadors)\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  For Celebrities (AI Digital Celebrity) For Celebrities (AI Digital Celebrity)\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Enterprise Solutions (digital employee solution) Interactive Avatar (like\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.digitalhumans.com/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.digitalhumans.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 )\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  HR & Recruitment\par
\f1\u9632?\f0  Interviewing Interviewing\par
\f1\u9632?\f0  Onboarding Onboarding\par
\f1\u9632?\f0  Training Training\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Customer Service Customer Service\par
- Retail & E-commerce: Retail & E-commerce: Retail Assistants\par
- Telecommunications: Telecommunications\par
- Banking and Finance: Banking & Finance\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Sales & Marketing Sales & Marketing\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Government & Public Sector Interactive Avatar Government & Public Sector\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Virtual Help Desks\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Public Service Information\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Permit Applications\par
Industries (in footer if main menu would be too heavy)\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Retail & E-commerce (created)\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Entertainment & Media\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Influencers (created)\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Celebrities (created)\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Content Creators SYNTOPIA AI for Content Creators\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Livesreamers SYNTOPIA AI for Livestreamers\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Gaming\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Film & Animation\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Finance & Banking (created)\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Healthcare & Wellness SYNTOPIA AI for Healthcare & Wellness\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Insurance SYNTOPIA AI for Insurance\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  HR and Recruitement (created)\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Education & Training SYNTOPIA AI for Education\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Travel & Hospitality SYNTOPIA AI for Travel & Hospitality\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Real Estate SYNTOPIA AI for Real Estate\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Legal Services SYNTOPIA AI for Legal Services\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Law firms\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Accounting firms SYNTOPIA AI for Accounting Firms\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Consulting services SYNTOPIA AI for Consulting Services\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Manufacturing & Logistics SYNTOPIA AI for Manufacturing & Logistics\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Agriculture & Environment\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Learning & Development SYNTOPIA AI for Learning & Development\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Sales Enablement\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Information Technology SYNTOPIA AI for Information Technology\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Customer Service (created)\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Marketing SYNTOPIA AI for Marketing\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Training Videos\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Educational Videos\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Employee Training (created) Training\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Instructional Interactive IA SYNTOPIA Instructional AI\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Video Production\par
Use Cases\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  B2C Applications\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Virtual Influencers\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Personal AI Assistants\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Fitness & Wellness Coaches\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  B2B Applications\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Sales & Lead Generation\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Virtual Event Hosting\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Corporate Training\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Sales Training\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Creative Applications\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Interactive Storytelling\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Content Creation\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Digital Concerts\par
Demo & Showcase\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Live Demo\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Case Studies\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Success Stories\par
Pricing (we will have only one pricing page) similar to {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://elevenlabs.io/pricing }}{\fldrslt{https://elevenlabs.io/pricing\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  For Individuals\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  For Businesses\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  For Enterprises\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Custom Solutions\par
Resources\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Documentation\par
- Custom Avatar Shooting Guide\par
- Syntopia\rquote s Digital Human Live Streaming - Configuration Manual of Live Str\'85\par
- Syntopia' sDigital Human Live Streaming - Operation Manual for TikTok & \'85\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  FAQs (we will have FAQ on individual pages)\par
Contact\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Request a Demo\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Sales Inquiry\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Support\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Careers\par
Privacy Policy: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.synthesia.io/legal/privacy-policy }}{\fldrslt{https://www.synthesia.io/legal/privacy-policy\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Customer Terms of Service: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.synthesia.io/legal/customer-terms-of-service }}{\fldrslt{https://www.synthesia.io/legal/customer-terms-of-service\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
The majority of those pages will have the same structure. For example, the industries\par
pages will be the same just with different text/copy. Just like Syntheisa has done.\par
The website should have modern look. All graphics and logo need to be designed. Websites we\par
like: Synthesia, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://elevenlabs.io/ }}{\fldrslt{https://elevenlabs.io/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  (especially header), may be {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.noota.io/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.noota.io/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 ,\par
Websites we dont like: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.digitalhumans.com/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.digitalhumans.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Businesses offering similar services in China: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://guiji.ai/#/live }}{\fldrslt{https://guiji.ai/#/live\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  , {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.faceunity.com/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.faceunity.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  ,\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://duix.guiji.ai/duix-website/localHuman }}{\fldrslt{https://duix.guiji.ai/duix-website/localHuman\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  , {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.idolive.ai/product }}{\fldrslt{https://www.idolive.ai/product\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  , {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://bocalive.ai/ }}{\fldrslt{https://bocalive.ai/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Guidance for Web Designer/Developer:\par
1. Create a dynamic, engaging home page that immediately showcases the interactive\par
livestreaming AI avatar. This could include a live demo or a recorded demonstration of\par
the avatar interacting with comments in real-time.\par
2. Design the website with a modular structure that allows for easy addition of new services\par
and features as they are introduced.\par
3. Implement a futuristic, high-tech aesthetic that emphasizes realism and interactivity. Use\par
subtle animations and interactive elements to convey the responsive nature of the AI\par
avatars.\par
4. Create visuals that demonstrate the AI avatar's ability to engage in live commerce, such\par
as product showcases or interactive shopping experiences.\par
5. Develop a "Platform and Technology" section that explains the AI and machine learning\par
capabilities powering the avatars, focusing on their ability to understand and respond to\par
live comments as well as interact with anyone by voice.\par
6. Include testimonials or case studies from early adopters of the livestreaming AI avatar\par
service. Since we haven't launched yet, we don't have those, so they need to be built\par
and hidden.\par
7. Design with scalability in mind, knowing that more services will be added over time. This\par
might include placeholder sections for upcoming features.\par
8. Onbvously, ensure the website is optimized for mobile devices, as many users will likely\par
interact with livestreams on mobile platforms.\par
SEO Guidance:\par
1. Focus initial keyword research on terms related to AI livestreaming, interactive AI\par
avatars, live commerce, influencer avatars, celebrity avatars and more. I will provide a\par
full list.\par
2. Create in-depth content about the benefits and applications of AI in livestreaming and\par
e-commerce.\par
3. Optimize for local SEO in our initial target markets wich are UK, US, CA. Eventually in\par
Europe and Southeast Asia.\par
4. Develop a content strategy that addresses common questions and concerns about AI\par
avatars in customer-facing roles. (not for developers, yet)\par
5. As new services are introduced, create dedicated landing pages optimized for relevant\par
keywords (e.g., "AI HR assistant", "custom AI avatars for influencers").\par
6. Use schema markup to highlight the AI avatar services, pricing, and reviews in search\par
results.\par
7. Create video content showcasing your AI avatars in action and optimize it for both\par
YouTube and web search.\par
8. Conduct keyword research focusing on AI, virtual avatars, and digital assistants.\par
9. Optimize meta titles, descriptions, and headers for each page.\par
10. Create unique, high-quality content for each service and avatar.\par
11. Implement internal linking to establish content hierarchy.\par
12. Set up Google Search Console and Google Analytics for tracking.\par
13. Create an XML sitemap and submit it to search engines.\par
14. Optimize images with descriptive file names and alt text.\par
15. Ensure the website has a secure HTTPS connection.\par
16. Implement a content strategy for the blog to target long-tail keywords.\par
17. Create a plan for building high-quality backlinks from reputable tech and AI-focused\par
websites.\par
Additional Considerations:\par
1. Include a roadmap or "Coming Soon" section that hints at future services without giving\par
too much detail.\par
2. Develop ROI calculators specific to livestreaming and live commerce to demonstrate the\par
value of the service.\par
3. Create educational content about how businesses can integrate AI avatars into their\par
existing social media and e-commerce strategies.\par
A. Visual Identity\par
1. Core Elements\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Clean, minimal design\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Future-forward typography\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Dynamic color palette:\par
\f1\u9632?\f0  Primary: Deep Blue, Silver\par
\f1\u9632?\f0  Secondary: Aurora Purple, Tech Green\par
\f1\u9632?\f0  Accent: Digital Gold\par
1. Primary: Deep Blue #3838e0 (This is the same as before, already incorporating 38)\par
2. Primary: Silver #c0c0e0 (A silvery color with a slight blue tint)\par
3. Secondary: Aurora Purple #8038e0 (A rich purple that includes 38)\par
4. Secondary: Tech Green #38e017 (A vibrant green incorporating both 38 and 17)\par
5. Accent: Digital Gold #e0b838 (A warm gold color, including 38)\par
Additional colors that could be useful:\par
6. Neutral Dark #383838 (A dark gray, good for text)\par
7. Neutral Light #e0e0e0 (A light gray, good for backgrounds)\par
8. Highlight #17e0e0 (A bright cyan, incorporating 17)\par
This palette maintains the spirit of the original color scheme while incorporating our significant\par
numbers:\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  The Deep Blue remains the same, already perfect for our theme.\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Silver has been adjusted slightly to complement the primary blue.\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Aurora Purple now includes 38, giving it added significance.\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Tech Green incorporates both 38 and 17, making it doubly meaningful.\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Digital Gold includes 38, tying it into our numerological theme.\par
These colors can be used as follows:\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Deep Blue (#3838e0) and Silver (#c0c0e0) as your primary brand colors\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Aurora Purple (#8038e0) and Tech Green (#38e017) for secondary elements and to add\par
variety\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Digital Gold (#e0b838) for accents and calls-to-action\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  The neutral grays for text and backgrounds\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  The highlight cyan for special emphasis or interactive elements\par
This palette gives you a range of options that are visually appealing, on-brand, and\par
numerologically significant.\par
2. Design Language\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Geometric patterns\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Flowing gradients\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Neural network motifs\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Holographic elements\par
B. Brand Voice Execution\par
1. Professional but Visionary\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Technical accuracy\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Forward-thinking statements\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Industry leadership\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Innovation focus\par
2. Technical but Accessible\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Clear explanations\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Relatable examples\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Engaging storytelling\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Educational content\par
3. Innovative but Trustworthy\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Proven technology\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Ethical AI principles\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Transparent operations\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Security focus\par
4. Global but Personalized\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Cultural awareness\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Local relevance\par
\f1\u9675?\f0  Personal connection\par
Deliverables:\par
1. Wireframes\par
2. UI/UX design\par
3. Front-end, backend development\par
4. Content Management System (CMS) Integration: integrate a content management\par
system (CMS) to allow for easy updates and content changes without requiring\par
developer involvement.\par
5. SEO, Performance Optimization, and Cross-Browser Compatibility\par
6. User Portal: Create a user section with functionality for account registration, login, and\par
management, potentially allowing access to personalized content or services. Needs API\par
integration.\par
7. Admin Dashboard/Panel needs to be created too where we can see and manage our\par
customers. Needs API integration.\par
8. Payment processors integration\par
9. A warranty period of 8 Weeks for bug fixes and minor adjustments post-launch.\par
Features included in an Admin Dashboard:\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Customer management (view, edit, delete customer accounts)\par
- License tracking and allocation\par
-\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Usage statistics and analytics\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Billing and subscription management\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  User activity logs\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  System settings and configurations\par
Security:\par
\f1\u9679?\f0  Since this dashboard will contain sensitive customer data, it's crucial to implement robust\par
security measures, including secure authentication, role-based access control, and data\par
encryption.\par
}
 